DynamoDB persistence docs (#6014)
Particular/docs.particular.net: persistence/dynamodb/outbox.md

---
title: Outbox (DynamoDB)
summary: How to configure Outbox persistence in DynamoDB
component: DynamoDB
reviewed: 2023-03-16
related:
- persistence/dynamodb
- nservicebus/outbox
---

## Configure the Outbox table

The Outbox data table can be configured via:

snippet: DynamoOutboxTableConfiguration

NOTE: When using the same table for Saga and Outbox data, use the [shared table configuration API](/persistence/dynamodb/#usage-customizing-the-table-used) instead.

The Outbox uses [time-to-live](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/amazondynamodb/latest/developerguide/TTL.html) to ensure cleanup of successfully processed message after some time, therefore the Outbox table requires a `TableConfiguration.TimeToLiveAttributeName` value to be set. When installers are enabled, NServiceBus ensures the proper time-to-live configuration when the table is being created, otherwise users need to ensure that the table is properly configured.

## Outbox cleanup

> When the Outbox processed a message, messages with the same message ID will be deduplicated for 7 days by default. To customize the deduplication timespan, use the following API:

Author: ```suggestion
When the Outbox successfully processes a message, messages with the same message ID will be ignored (deduplicated) for 7 days by default. To customize the deduplication timespan, use the following API:
```

> When the Outbox processed a message, messages with the same message ID will be deduplicated for 7 days by default. To customize the deduplication timespan, use the following API:

Author: I slightly tweaked the suggestion, I hope you're good with that one too.
